Add a note on upgrade with third-party SSL certificates (#4348)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: CHANGELOG.md

> - Add a note for the upgrade with third-party SSL certificates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added note for the upgrade with third-party SSL certificates to Installation and Upgrade Guide
```
